<h1> <b>Touchscreen & Voice Control based Robotic Vehicle for Industrial Store Management</b> </h1>
<h3><b>Aim</b></h3> : Touchscreen and Voice control based Robotic Vehicle for Industrial Store Management
<br>
<h3><b>Abstract</b></h3> : The project is designed to control a robotic vehicle with a touch screen display unit for remote operation. The touch screen remote control is used at the transmitting side to transmit RF control signals. At receiving end, a pick n place robotic vehicle is used to respond to those signals and perform the task. An 8051 series of microcontroller is used for the desired operation .At transmitting end using a touch screen control unit, commands are sent to the receiver to control the movement of the robot either to move forward, backward and left or right etc. At the receiving end four motors are interfaced to the microcontroller where two for them are used for arm and gripper movement of the robot while the other two are for the body movement . The RF transmitter acts as a RF remote control that (upto200 meters)with proper antenna, while the receiver dec odes before feeding it to another microcontroller to drive. The main advantage of this robot is its soft catching arm that is designed to avoid extra pressure to be applied on the object.
<br>
<h3><b>Objective</b></h3> : In this project the main objective is to displace the bomb using robot with A SOFT catching arm.
To control the displacement of the robotic arm so that the arm can be used to pick and place theobjects from one place to other.
To control the displacement and actions of robotic arm through mobile applications.
To implement a pick and place robotic arm with two degrees of freedom.
Increase in human safety from hazardous Conditions & prevent injuries and also increasing efficiency of work in industry.
<br>
<h><b>Methodology</b></h> : The main goal of this project is to develop and design Touchscreen and voice control based Robotic Vehicle which can be controlled by mobile application. The idea was to design for industrial purpose so in order to preventing injuries, reducing mistakes and increasing the efficiency of the work so we build Touchscreen Based Voice Control Robotic Vehicle for Industrial Purpose. Robotic arm is a type of mechanical arm, usually it is programmable, with similar functions to a human arm. The robotic arm consists of base plate and gripper [2]. The motion to the robotic arm is given by dc motors. There are total four 12V DC motor, two on back wheels, one at arm which has 6 degrees of rotation and one motor at the gripper [2]. The motors were selected based on the torque required for working or the action of the arm. The light weight gripper is used for picking the object from one place and placing it at the desired destination. The robotic arm motions are controlled by Arduino ATMEGA 328p. The arm picks and sorts the object according to its barcode.
<br>
<h3><b>Result</b></h3> : Touch screen or voice controlled based Robotic Arm speeds up the process of picking parts up and placingthem in new place. It make easy to move bulky, large and hazardous product from one place to another inindustries. The workings of a line follower robot are straight forward. The robot has the capability to detecta black line on a lighter surface. The robot consists an array of IR sensors in order to calculate the reflectance of the surface. The computer controls the robot by rotating individual step motors connected to each joint. To control the motion of robotic arm we use DC motor. For controlling the arm servo motoris used since it has to only hold and place the object precisely. We use Bluetooth module which is interfaced with Arduino. The whole programming for the setup is done by using Arduino integrated development environment software. Program from the computer is uploaded on Arduino board with the help of USB data cable.
